DEVX-2258 Check Prose for Offensive, Ableist and Gendered Language (#3405)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _tutorials/en/client-sdk/app-to-app/create-project/objective_c.md

* You now have a brand new Xcode Project.

> **Before continuing, please close the new project you've now created.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Before continuing, please close the new project you created.**
```
